All right.
So, the two other fields we
had was the input field for
the rating and the select field for
the restaurants.
There's a little trick that we got
to figure out for the restaurants.
Let's do that one first.
So, what should happen is
if I pick Chick-fil-A,
I should only see super menu
items from Chick- fil-A.
Make sense?
But then like okay, like how do I do that?
Now, the way I chose to do it was
there is a piece of an attribute for
Table cells for
what header they correspond to.
So, what I could do is figure
out like find that that TD that
corresponds to a header.
You could have also used
data attributes as well.
But sometimes data attributes are great
like to just say the meaning of that
piece of markup for your test, but also,
if there's like a good attribute that
also does that works too, right?
So, we'll go ahead and we'll say,
for Constant restaurant.
Of restaurants, Right?
Just make sure that's called restaurants,
because I didn't like the fact that auto
complete wasn't there for
me, that was fine.
And so we'll go ahead and we'll do that.
And now we'll say,
as we go through that it
should only display rows that match.
I don't know as the restaurant
sub it in there,
restaurant when selected.
Cool and then we'll go ahead and
we'll say,
go ahead and
get that restaurant filter which we
have stored in alias and
select the given restaurant.
This select field will take the value for
that option, it'll take an index for
which one you want or will literally
take the word that's the child as well.
So, this case, spoiler alert,
the value and the word of the same.
So, we've got that in place and
we'll go ahead and we'll select that one.
And now, I think I misspoke before,
when I said that,
if you select a selector that has multiple
elements you can't click on all of them,
but you can actually have
them as a collection, right?
You can't like get all of the A's on thing
and click them all with one command.
You we saw that before when I had too
many of the labels I tried to click,
because I had the wrong selector, but
you can go validate something
about all of them as well.
So, we'll do go find me the table data's
that have headers, that are word order.
Column, right?
So this is the TDs that
are in that column, right?
And so, we've got that in place and
they might have another selector as well.
I'm doing this a little bit from memory.
So, let's see, let's go ahead and look,
because we can always that's the nice
part about cybers is we've got the last
version of the page up and running.
I go ahead, and we can see it's got
a yeah, I don't need nth child.
They do have a class of
where to order as well.
So that would theoretically work.
You see I've got 203 of them.
If I grab that other selector that
I was playing around with here,
we can verify that that
will also work too.
Right, there's 203.
So they are effectively the same.
And if you hover over that number,
you'll see which ones are highlighted,
which again gives you that sense of making
sure that you have the right element.
If you're ever questionable,
you can either select it on the page or
you can pay something in there,
and verify as well.
Either one of them work, and
the tool is there to help you, so
you're not just taking random guesses and
running the test.
So, either class or
you can do the attributes up to you.
And we're going to say that
all the ones on the page,
it should contain the restaurant.
>> Theoretically, we're the intent
of our tests is to filter.
So, which is to say we're
eliminating something.
>> Yep.
>> I could think of like writing that in a
way where the you could check the number,
the length of the collection
it gets returned.
But the approach I was struggling
with personally was to try and
like have the contrapositive that
like some of the columns there
do not contain that ahead of time and
then say that they should all.
>> Yep.
>> How might I do something like that?
>> Yeah, so think about so the question
was, cuz this will technically your
point is right like this will pass if
the filter doesn't do anything, right?
Because they'll still be on the page
actually won't pass, right?
Because there'll be one there'll
be one that has a Taco Bell in it.
That we're expecting Chick-fil-a..
So, it will actually, if the filter
stops working, this will test that case.
But let's take it as a given, right?
I can think of a few ways, right?
You could verify that none of them,
if you had let's say we're using
a four H way of the index, right?
You can grab the previous one in the array
or something or just another one in
the array or something like that and
verify that that one does not appear.
We're also starting with an array as
a data structure, you could theoretically
just have it grab another one and
verify that those don't show up as well.
This will still do that,
because if one shows up.
And it's not if we were on Taco Bell KFC
at this point, and it says,
Burger King it will fail the test,
so this one will accidentally do it.
Yeah,
>> For
this one specifically like the the place
it would fail where it shouldn't is,
if the filter returned no results,
because there were none to begin.
>> Yeah, so
what we might do is say like yeah,
I think in this case there will always
be at least one in there, right?
Now, if we both set the rating
to seven and pick anything but
the butter beer frappuccino, we know
that we'd have an empty set, right?
So, I could also do
actually check this out.
I can do should Dot and,
Have length At least one.
Right, so this will now do both.
It should both appear on the page and
there should be at least one of them.
Let's verify that works, because that's a
Let's see what we got,
could not find an alias or
restaurant filter, and
Did I not make that an alias in this one?
All right.
So, let's just go ahead and,
We can just grab it like I could
make an alias I can also grab it.
As well that seems easier in this case.
So it's going through.
If I put the only in the for loop,
obviously, it would do all of them, right?
Because it's applied all of them,
so let's verify.
But that was a thought that
I had as they were going and
it felt equally as long just
explain that and wait for it.
So yeah, now they are they're working.
So, we're now making sure there is
at least one that matches, right?
And this is a case where it's
a known data set, right?
You might check for an empty state,
like when we get to network requests,
you can look at the network request.
You can mock in a network request, it's
always gonna have what you think, right?
You can basically control reality as you
see fit to verify that you're getting
the different excitations.
You could have that network call,
always return an empty array,
verify the entity state.
You can have it,
always return a set of known objects,
make sure they're on the page.
That's for the app that I work on,
that's what I literally have.
I stub out those network requests,
sure, nothing comes back,
I wanna see an empty state.
We haven't loaded yet.
It shouldn't show a loading,
even if it's empty array.
And so
I can kind of time all these things.
We'll talk about how to wait for
certain network requests to come back.
Fairly soon, we'll have that in place and
kind of get the rest of the pieces that
we need to test those cases as well.
So we have that and
the other one was the ratings.
And so what I might do is if I only wanted
that alias, I could say something like,
yeah, I could have done this earlier
too and so I could say, hey,
now we're testing the ratings filter And
we'll say, Before each right,
so everything in the other
before each will still happen.
So visit the page, but
we will also get side I get, and
let's go see what it is in this case.
I have the problem of two chrome
at the Cypress Chrome and
they my regular Chrome I
keep picking the wrong one.
So, writing filter we'll go ahead and
again,
we're just going to practice minimum
writing filter in this case copy it over
That's gonna be the entire command
as- Reading this case, right?
Whatever is helpful for you, and
now we don't have to get it each time.
And so now for cost rating
of ratings, well,
say it should only display
items with a rating of.
Or hire.
So, this is gonna like the process of
iterating through the array is the same.
The assertion that we're
gonna need to make,
I mean we kind of accidentally, because
the question was like get to see it,
but we'll we'll see in
another use case as well.
And so cool, we'll have that in place,
so we'll go through,
should only have a rating
a given rating or higher.
So, we'll decide,
I guess we'll get that alias.
Ratings filter and this phase we'll
have to invoke vale property and
we'll set it to rating and
we'll trigger the change.
Cool.
And then we basically wanna
make sure that anything that we
find has the rating that we want.
So, you can do side dot get, I think
before we did the popularity column,
but I think it also has a class of-
Have you learned it?
And then I needed a text, right?
I don't just need
the element I need the text.
So I could do a dot then and
get the call the text or
I could invoke the tax
property on that field.
And then I can say, should,
be, greater than or equal to,
should it be GT E, that rating all right?
Well, let's see kind of when
that one a little bit and
now I'm gonna do the only here.
So, that only these tests run,
because I have enough tests at this point,
all right?
It is called just rating,
is what I needed here.
So we're invoking the text on that,
I'm not finding it.
And so, the big question is,
I can stop this at this point.
Do I have a TD with the popularity?
This should be all of them should
all have at least a rating of one.
And look at this.
This is all of the ratings in this case,
right?
So that selector when I call text
it's doing what jQuery does,
it gives me just the text of each of them,
right?
So in this case, I do need to iterate
through and get each one individually.
Because invoking the text
method on the collection,
gets me all of the ratings concatenated
into one giant number, right?
And that is, it's not necessarily so
Cyprus limitation that
is a jQuery behavior.
So, in this case,
we might choose to then go back to what we
did earlier in our workshop,
which is iterate over them, right?
So, we can say each and
grab the element, and
I could say, that I want to
expect that the elements text.
And then you turn that into a number if I
want to use greater than or equal to, so
I can put a plus in front of it,
which will coerce it into a number.
You can see it's the same assertion,
but slightly different syntax.
When we're writing the expect,
because we don't have the should chaining,
we could figure it out.
And that should be greater than or
equal to the rating and
now they're all passing.
And so what's kind of cool about this
is that, we've got effectively what?
Seven tests for each rating.
We can have a set for each property,
a set for all the restaurants.
So, with not that many tests
that we're writing, we could-
Have a pretty like comprehensive,
like set of tests on this, right?
And yeah,
it's only where it actually applies
like this is all pretty similar, right?
Like you might not be able to get
this much for free, but like,
there will always be some cases
we have different filters.
And you can again programmatically kind
of figure out how you wanna design this.
So, at least you're hitting every case,
right?
Because it's one of those things where
yeah, most the time they are gonna
behave the way you think, but when they
don't it's probably a big deal, right?
As well so we go through we basically get
was probably a bit about 40 tests for
really three assertions.